Traditional first day
of school pancakes.
- Whipped-cream smile?
- Dad, I’m in high school now.
Just put it in my mouth.
Okay, that’s disgusting.
Stop it.
Hey, save some of that
bossing people around
for the office, lady.
After a 20-year vacation,
Claire is rejoining
the workforce.
Not a vacation.
But I am starting a job
at my dad’s closet company.
He’s kind of grooming me
to take over.
I have a background
in marketing.
I’m so proud of her.
Oh, uh, speaking of marketing,
we’re out of milk.
I’m actually
kind of nervous.
You’re gonna be great.
And remember, if you get
into a jam, just do
the impression I taught you.
[ As Christopher Walken ]
Hey, you can hang your clothes
in me.
[ Normal Voice ]
Christopher Walk-in Closet.
- I’m not doing that.
- Okay, relax, Mom.
You’re working for Grandpa.
It’s not even a real job.
It’s like that summer
when I worked for Dad.
He was just trying to make me
feel good about myself.
He didn’t really need my help.
That’s not true.
I needed your help
distributing all those fliers.
And I did. Wink, wink.
[ Chuckles ]
How are you
already doing homework?
It’s junior year.
I have to get good grades.
Don’t you know how competitive
it is out there?
Stop pressuring me!
You know, this is what happens
to kids when they’re not
sexually active.
- Don’t you have
some studying to do?
- Oh, please.
It’s community college.
They tell you
to bring a glue stick.
[ Phone Rings ]
[ Beeps ]
Hello.
Yes, this is he. Him. Me.
- Right the first time.
- I’ll be right there.
Mitchell, that was it.
That was the call.
I’m going in.
Due to budget cuts, my position
as middle school music teacher
has been eliminated,
so I’ve been working
as a high school sub.
Ka-ching!
I never know when I’ll be
summoned to swoop into action.
I’m kind of like Batman.
But except for a Bat-Signal,
I get a phone call.
Yeah.
You found the one difference.
I hate to miss her first day,
but do you mind
taking Lily to school?
Oh, Cam, today?
I gotta prep for my meeting
with Charlie.
I only get him for an hour
between his vacations
in Aspen and Cabo.
Okay, you need to confront him
and tell him his pathetic
little midlife crisis...
is making it impossible
for you to do your job.
Because he responds so well
to criticism.
No. He’ll fire me, and then
we’ll end up having to get
married in your family’s barn.
Oh, well, we need
to book that soon, because
spring is hoedown season,
and then you get right
into summer stock, so–
I don’t believe any of that.
If I’m gonna take Lily,
I need to hurry.
Lily, sweetheart,
let’s get you dressed.
Hey, I’ve been dressed
for an hour.
Come on.
I can’t be late.
I’ll fall behind.
Sometimes I forget
to factor in the Asian.
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪♪
[ Chattering ]
Buddy, I know a new school can
be scary, so a little advice–
every time you meet someone new,
pay them a compliment.
Hey. Like, um,
"I love your hair."
"Awesome kicks."
"You have a beautiful smile."
Okay, Dad. I’ll tell
that big guy over there
that he’s got a beautiful smile.
Fine. Skin, cheekbones–
make it your own.
Um, could you maybe not walk me
all the way in?
- What?
- I’ve got it from here.
Oh. Sure. Yeah. Okay.
Give your dad a–
Off you go.
Alex! Hey.
[ Clears Throat ]
Ay, Manny,
why are you so quiet?
Are you nervous because of
your first day in high school?
Mom, after spending a summer
in Colombia, I’m a changed man.
Oh, my God.
What did you see?
Nothing. But I am
an international jet-setter now.
- I’m sophisticated.
- And you think that the girls
are gonna pick up on this?
If not, I still have
my "unaccompanied minor" sign.
Ay, I cannot believe
that my little baby’s
going to the high school.
Mom, stop.
You’re embarrassing me.
It’s my first day too.
I could use a hug.
- Go!
- Hey, Gloria.
Hi, Phil.
First day of high school, huh?
[ Laughs ]
Manny excited?
- Ay, he was up at 5:00
in the morning, ironing.
- Oh.
Ay, but he does that too...
when he’s depressed,
so now I don’t know.
- How was Luke?
- Great. Yeah.
He had a hard time
saying good-bye, but–
Um, anyway, I think I’m gonna
go get a cup of coffee.
- Can I go with you?
- Yeah.
Dude, I’m kind of working
something here.
How many trucks
would that take?
[ Knocking ]
Uh-huh. Give me a minute, Fred.
New girl just walked in.
That’s disgusting.
She’s my daughter.
- Oh.
- Sweetheart!
You look terrific.
Are you sure?
’Cause I have another blouse
in here.
It’s the only thing in here.
That and a pair of glasses...
in case I need to read something
or look smarter.
Relax. It’s your first day.
Impossible to blow it.
What are those?
- Oh, cookies.
I made ’em for the office.
- Huge mistake.
Fred, two more seconds.
I got a situation here.
Put the cookies down.
Why?
You’re management.
Makes you look desperate.
Makes you look like you want
everyone to like you.
I do want everyone to like me.
You want everyone
to respect you.
You gotta be tough,
keep your distance.
Well, maybe we are
different kinds of managers.
Yeah. I’m yours.
Just leave the cookies.
Look at you,
my big first-grader.
All right, I want you
to make so many friends
and have so much fun–
Got to go!
Can’t wait to learn!
- Be careful!
- What?
- [ Grunts ]
- Nothing.
[ Groans ]
[ Man ]
Please do not be late.
Let’s go.
Looking good.
Uh, Principal Brown?
Yes?
Hi. I’m Cameron Tucker.
I was called in to sub today.
Oh, yeah. You’re in
for Mrs. Hurley. Hello.
- Hello.
- She has come down
with a sudden case of rehab.
- Oh.
- So do a good job, ’cause this
could be a permanent position.
Well, prepare to feel like
an old denim vest, because
I’m about to bedazzling you.
[ Chuckles ]
I don’t know what
that means, but okay.
[ Chuckles ]
So what am I teaching?
A.P. history.
Oh.
I desperately wanted
that job.
There was just one problem–
I don’t know much about history.
Mm. Do you know much biology?
Not now, Mitchell.
What about your science book
or the French you took?
You’re lucky I love you.
And I know
that if you love me too–
♪ What a wonderful world
this would be ♪
I really was
in a jam though.
Yeah.
[ Claire ]
My dad thinks that he can
motivate his workers...
by being a cold, distant
authority figure.
Well, if his style
is so effective,
riddle me this–
why don’t I listen to him?
[ Man ]
It’s been a while,
then he’s like–
Hey. Hi. Sorry.
I’m Claire.
It’s my first day,
so I thought I’d say hi.
Hey.
Hi.
Amazing. You guys
are actually hanging out
by the water cooler.
I have xerostomia.
It’s chronic dry mouth.
I’m-I’m so sorry.
I– I-I-I was just doin’
a thang.
You know, like–
Anyway, um–
My door’s always open...
to everyone.
- That’s Pritchett’s daughter.
- Um, yeah, but I don’t want you
to think of me like that.
I’m-I’m a friend.
I’m a colleague.
I’m just like you.
I’m Claire.
You know, worker bee. Just–
[ Buzzing ]
[ Sighs ]
Great to meet you.
Sorry to interrupt,
and see you around.
[ Chuckles ]
I do. I gotta do this one.
Who am I?
[ As Christopher Walken ]
You can hang your clothes in me.
Christopher Walk-in Closet.
[ Man ]
We all know where
we’re gonna start–
[ Chattering ]
What is this?
Oh, sorry, folks.
It’s closed.
We’re shooting a commercial.
So annoying.
Listen, we just want to get
a cup of coffee.
Actually, we’re short
a couple of extras.
How would you two
like to be in it?
Yes!
That sounds amazing.
Hey, um, I see
a couple of old people.
This isn’t one of those
catheter commercials, is it?
’Cause if it gets
too descriptive,
I’m gonna squirm.
[ Groans ]
I just did it to myself.
[ Cameron ] I did my best
to cram for my lecture...
on the Revolutionary War,
but– [ Groans ]
All those names and dates?
It’s all so dry.
Where’s the drama?
[ School Bell Rings ]
- Good morrow.
- Oh, boy.
Well, what is all this
strange garb you adorn?
Are you trappers
from the Canadian provinces?
Are you here
to sell your beavers?
Who are you?
The 64-pence question.
I crossed the Delaware
during the Revolutionary War.
I spent a brutal winter
in Valley Forge.
- Who am I?
- I-I have no idea.
I-I swear I don’t know
who this man is.
I’m George Washington,
of course.
Our syllabus says we’re supposed
to cover Native Americans
on the eve of colonization.
Yes. Native Americans.
Indians.
A majestic, peaceful people
who lived off the land
and cried when they saw litter.
The textbook says many tribes
were often at war...
with allegiances shifting
all of the–
Shifting all the time.
So were the Indians friends
with the colonists or not?
Ah, yes.
I know one Indian...
who was friends
with a construction worker,
biker and traffic cop.
[ Laughs ]
Uh, do y– Nothing?
Seriously, nothing?
Okay, your parents
are gonna love
that joke.
Okay, Pritchett,
I’m here.
You got a half hour.
I have my helicopter
standing by on the roof.
- Is it even built for that?
- No. That’s why you only have
a half hour.
I’m not sure that’s enough time.
We have a ton to cover.
We need to talk
about new lease agreements
and the workers’ comp package.
29 minutes.
I think I hear creaking.
- Daddy, I’m bored.
- Whoa.
[ Laughs ]
Me too. This is why
I shouldn’t come into work
between vacations.
Why don’t you sit
at Natalie’s desk and pretend
to be my assistant, sweetie?
Sorry about that.
My niece is coming
to pick her up.
Lily had an incident
at school today where she–
Hey, Pritchett. You’re not
some hot single mom
I’m trying to seduce,
- so I don’t need to hear
about your kid.
- Fair enough.
So lease agreements. Okay.
I’m getting some pushback
on the Miami location.
Mr. Pritchett, I have
a Haley here to see you.
Oh.
[ Haley ]
Hi.
Hi, sweetheart.
I’m in the middle of a meeting
with my boss,
but thank you so much
for helping me out.
No problem.
My last class is a pass/fail,
and it’s community college,
so it’s pass.
Hey.
Charlie Bingham.
Wow.
Look at your eyes.
Oh, I-I can’t.
[ Chuckles ]
I like you.
What do you think
of these pants?
It’s part of our new collection.
- It’s, uh, a lot of zippers.
- It’s too many, right?
And they poke into my thigh
when I’m in my helicopter.
- Oh.
- I have a helicopter.
It’s not a big deal.
- Okay. So, anyway, thank you.
- You seem to know a lot
about fashion.
I’d like to get your opinion
on a few things.
Sure.
Yeah?
Yeah.
Actually, no. She needs
to stay and watch Lily.
- Yeah. You can do that.
- [ Haley ] Oh.
Hey, princess. Hey.
I love kids.
[ Haley Laughs ]
[ Phone Rings ]
Daddy’s office.
You sound like a little girl.
- Hey. You wanted to see me?
- Thanks for bzzzing by.
I hope you weren’t in
the middle of a thang.
Okay. That did get
a little away from me.
But to be fair, I broke the ice.
Everybody thinks
you’re a dummy.
Not everybody. No.
As a matter of fact,
one of the guys
in the break room
asked me to lunch.
- Don’t say Todd.
- His name is Todd.
Oh, no.
You cannot go to lunch
with Todd.
- Why not?
- You can’t be associated
with him.
Up until an hour ago,
he was the office weirdo.
But he was nice to me, and he
helped me set up my computer.
Yeah, that’s his job.
For now.
- What does that mean?
- I’m firing him as soon
as I can find an I.T. guy...
who shows up on time
and doesn’t creep out
the office.
I can’t cancel on the one person
who was nice to me.
You can, but you won’t, ’cause
you’re the type of person who
brings cookies to the office.
- Where are they?
- Okay, we’re done here.
Okay, folks, you’re just having
a normal conversation.
A typical day
in a coffee shop, right?
Roger that.
Here we go, guys.
And... action.
How have you been, Roy?
Ah, a little down.
Helen and I
really miss the kids,
but we just can’t afford
to visit them right now.
Have you considered
a reverse mortgage?
What’s that?
Mmm, this coffee’s delicious!
Well, you have equity
in your home, right?
[ Director ]
All right.
You two in the back?
We can hear you,
so just, uh, mime.
Mime. I knew that.
I was already doing that.
So just follow my lead.
Okay, sorry, sorry.
We’ll do it again.
But everything else
is okay?
You haven’t done
anything else.
- So yeah?
- Back to one, you guys.
Action!
How have you been, Roy?
Ah, a little down.
Helen and I
really miss the kids,
but we just can’t afford
to visit them right now.
Have you considered
a reverse mortgage?
What’s that?
Well, you have equity
in your home, right?
Sure, we do.
What are they doing?
Is she answering
an imaginary phone?
Oh, that sounds
too good to be true.
Don’t take
my word for it.
Here’s Henry Winkler
to tell you more.
[ Director ]
Okay, cut!
Couple in the back.
Yep. No, I know, I know.
Bigger?
The Native Americans
and the settlers...
had two completely different
ideas of land ownership.
Eventually, these differences
would lead to war.
[ Gasps ]
Oh.
Look– goose bumps.
[ School Bell Rings ]
Okay. Yes.
Uh, class dismissed.
Yeah. We did it!
Thank you so much
for stepping in.
Oh, and I promise tomorrow
I will do my best
to be more prepared.
Tomorrow?
Why won’t Mrs. Hurley
be back?
Well, I don’t want to be
indelicate,
but the good news is
I might be
your permanent teacher.
I don’t want you to be
my permanent teacher.
You’d rather have
a raging alcoholic?
Listen to me.
I’ve worked nonstop
to build the perfect
academic record,
and I’m not going to let you
screw it up now.
I have an A.P. test
in 160 days,
and I need to ace it.
Can you get me there
or not?
I can rally like the brave men
of the Alamo.
You do realize
that all the men
of the Alamo die–
They all died.
Ruthie’s older,
so she thinks
she’s the boss.
Mm-hmm.
But for a little guy,
Stu holds his own.
- Hmm.
- They can be a handful,
but, God, they make me laugh
so hard, you know?
Wow. I did not know
you could even tell
the gender of a turtle.
Oh, yeah.
It’s called sexing the turtle,
and it’s an eight-step process.
Now let’s pretend
your hand is a turtle.
What you do is you flip it over,
and then you have to look
right in–
Oh, okay. I get it.
I get it. I think I get it.
I know.
I’m droning on, aren’t I?
[ Laughs ]
Blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah, blah.
Please stop.
Blah, blah, blah,
blah, blah.
Please stop!
You’re not. You’re not.
I am.
But enough about my family.
Tell me about yours.
All right.
Well, my husband, Phil,
is a Realtor.
That’s funny.
I’m buying a house.
Why? When?
Actually, we have
the final walk-through
today,
sign the papers tomorrow.
Mmm. That-That’s
a really big deal, Todd.
Yeah, and it’s a bit
of a stretch for us too,
but, uh–
No. The time is right.
We’re just–
We’re gonna do it.
"We" is y-you and the turtles?
No. Me and my wife.
Oh, wi– I’m sorry.
You didn’t mention your wife.
That’s great.
I bet she’s got a big, fancy,
high-paying job, right?
Uh, she’s getting
her master’s.
- In?
- Latin.
[ Sighs ]
Oh, Todd.
This may not be
the best time to buy a house.
I hate to be the one
to break this to you–
No, no, no, no.
I got this.
No, you don’t.
Standing by, everyone.
I really felt
like I nailed that last one.
[ Sighs ]
I still feel so stiff.
I don’t know
what to pretend saying.
You’re thinking too much.
Just draw from your own life.
Like, how was your day today?
Lousy. My own son
didn’t want to hug me.
Okay. So use that.
My character,
Dr. Stephen Wilson,
is also sad because his son
wouldn’t take his advice.
And he wanted to be dropped off
a block away from school.
I mean, he expected that
from his daughters but thought
his son would be different.
That’s so sad.
But Dr. Stephen Wilson...
is not going to let that ruin
breakfast with his mistress.
You know,
maybe it’s just time
for us to–
to accept that we have
to let them go.
Maybe it is.
Okay, everyone,
here we go!
We’re rolling.
And action.
How have you been, Roy?
A little down.
Helen and I
really miss the kids,
but we just can’t afford
to visit them right now.
[ Whimpers ]
Have you considered
a reverse mortgage?
What’s that?
Uh, you have equity
in your home, right?
Sure, we do.
Don’t cry. You’re
gonna make me cry too.
Essentially, the bank
buys your house–
[ Both Crying ]
but you still get
to live in it.
That sounds
too good to be true.
Oh, don’t take
my word for it.
Here’s Henry Winkler
to tell us more.
[ Crying ]
I don’t want the Fonz
to see me like this.
It’s a prototype.
It can withstand...
the most extreme temperatures
on the planet,
it’s waterproof
and it wicks sweat.
- It also repels women.
- I know. I hate it.
I’ll burn it tonight! Ah!
- Actually, it doesn’t burn.
- Anyway, if we could get back
to the lease agreements here.
- You’re amazing.
How would you fix it?
- It’s too boxy.
- Probably have
to take it in here–
- Right.
and here.
Yeah. I probably overdo it
in the gym.
Stupid seven percent body fat.
- Okay.
So getting back to work.
- We are working.
Why are we working?
I got to go to Cabo.
Hey, you wanna come with me?
Oh, I’ve, uh,
never been to Cabo.
Yeah, she’s not going to Cabo,
’cause she’s half your age.
How old are you?
Who cares?
Pretty soon I’m gonna look 20.
I’ve been meditating
in one of those
pressurized eggs.
Well, if I went to Cabo,
what would the sleeping
situation be?
- Not much.
- Okay. That is enough!
No! No!
She is my niece!
Okay? This pathetic midlife
crisis of yours is hurting
the company,
and I’m getting so sick
of cleaning up your messes.
You-You need to focus,
and you need to start acting
your age.
Your-Your real age,
not your egg age.
Huh. Normally, if someone
talked to me that way,
I’d fire him.
But I respect your honesty.
I respect your passion.
It’s like me.
I’m a very passionate man.
- Just focus.
- You’re right. You’re right.
You’re right. You’re right.
[ Creaking ]
What’s that creaking?
Set! Hike!
[ Principal Brown ]
Hey, you’re going the wrong way.
That’s the wrong way!
No. Wait. I’m sorry.
You’re right.
Uh, excuse me.
Principal Brown?
Yikes. You know,
most subs just play a movie.
All right.
Do something different,
guys.
Uh, listen. I can’t be
your history teacher.
Those kids work so hard,
and they deserve someone
who knows the material
and can inspire them, so–
If you say so.
I was wondering–
What kind of play was that
you were running?
Was that supposed to be
a slant?
The freshman coach quit.
I’m just a glorified
babysitter.
Well, your receiver needs
to learn to run his routes...
or the quarterback’s
never gonna be able to hit him.
I-I played in college.
Oh. Okay.
Hey, Tyler,
you need to learn
to run your routes.
What routes?
Yeah, what routes?
Um–
Well, you’re gonna
line up here.
Take three steps–
one, two, three.
Plant right,
open left 45 degrees
up the field.
Okay. Why don’t we try it again?
Try it again!
Tip!
Put some zip on the ball, 18!
[ Quarterback ]
Hut, hut, hike!
[ Pads Hitting ]
[ Cameron ]
Hit him!
Better. Better.
Good job.
Circle it back up.
All right.
Anyway, thank you
for the opportunity.
Hey, hey.
How would you like
to take over this team?
Well– Well, that’s
an interesting offer.
How much does it pay?
Nothing.
Are you firm on that?
Yeah, but there’s
a gym teacher position
available.
It’s all yours
if you coach.
Can I wear shorts?
Yeah. And you get
a whistle too.
Well, I always get a whistle
when I wear shorts.
I humbly accept your offer.
Huddle up, boys!
Let’s go! Hustle!
Do you know
what hustle means, 10?
It really wasn’t bad.
Todd is a very interesting guy
when you get to know him.
Did he tell you
about his turtles,
Little Lulu and Stan?
Ruthie and Stu.
That’s the name he picks?
"Turtle Stu"?
Idiot!
There was one little
situation that came up,
but I think I handled it
pretty well.
He’s about to make
a big–
Hold on.
Margaret, why can’t I
log in here?
[ Typing ]
What’s wrong
with my computer?
The whole system’s down.
No one can access files.
We can’t get online.
- Where’s Todd?
- We can’t find him anywhere,
and his Yaris is gone.
- [ Man ]
Where are my files?
- What the hell?
I– I might know
a little something about this.
What did you do?
Kind of told Todd
that you were gonna fire him.
What?
I had to.
Dad, he’s about
to buy a house.
But he was fine with it.
He hugged me and thanked me...
and told me that it gave him
time to make a plan.
Oh.
Gentlemen,
today’s a new beginning,
and that can be scary.
How did it go,
Mr. Jet-Setter?
Good.
Really good.
Do you want
to talk about it?
No.
[ Cameron ] I’m gonna ask
things of you that may not make
sense right now–
See you tomorrow, Luke.
Not if I see you first.
There it is.
There’s that smile.
[ Laughs ]
[ Cameron ]
but they will.
Hey, Dad.
Hey, buddy.
We’re at school.
Yep.
[ Cameron ]
Success is not guaranteed.
It is not handed to you.
Success is earned.
How’s that data entry going?
Good. I am up to 1998.
Ah. That’s when I’d already
been doing the job 20 years.
So maybe I should listen to you.
Get you home a lot earlier.
Thanks, boss.
[ Cameron ]
Today we are forging
a new path, people.
The only thing we have to fear
is fear itself!
Wrong president!
Just keep pushing!
Okay.